updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16835)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/samples/database-access-activities.md

---
# Database Access Activities

> Database access activities allow you to access a database within a workflow. These activities allow accessing databases to retrieve or modify information and use [ADO.NET](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/e80y5yhx(v=vs.100)) to access the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Database access activities allow you to access a database within a workflow. These activities allow accessing databases to retrieve or modify information and use [ADO.NET](../../data/adonet/index.md) to access the database.
```
